Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Help.
Please.
Help me.
They are looking
for us.
"Us"? All I see is
an old man in trouble.
This is yours.
There's plenty of more gold.
In that cave.
Please.
Wait. Wait.
Hind. stop!
He's helping us.
- My daughter.
- You are blessed.
Wait.
Those are good mounts.
Not the mounts of bandits.
More like soldiers.
Sassanid
by their armor.
So. tell me who you are.
In time.
There's not much of that left.
The dagger is worth
ten pieces of gold.
I guarantee you ten more.
That shroud.
it has pockets?
I have gold.
Lakhmid gold.
Help us reach
the Shaybani settlement.
and it is yours.
The dagger and the gold.
You have my word.
Into the dunes!
No. No!
Come on. Yalla!
Other side
of the dune!
Run!
- Got them!
- Go. Go!
Go.
Come on. Come on.
Mount up!
Go!
Baba!
I come in peace...
Kill him!
Wait! Wait.
What is this mischief?
Two vagabonds. brother.
Helped by this bandit.
And they bring mercenaries
to the border.
Let's see these vagabonds.
Commander Jalabzeen.
It's been a long time.
How can the Shaybani help you?
I'm here on the orders
of the Supreme Emperor Kisra.
ruler of your kingdom
and the lands
of the fertile crescent
where the Tigris
and the Euphrates
-flow into the sea.
-Something to drink?
Your emperor
has sent me
to retrieve his subjects.
Al-Numan and Hind Bint Al-Numan.
That girl there.
His Highness. King Al-Numan
and Hind Bint Al-Numan.
Princess of Al Hira
are now guests in my home.
You're also welcome
to our hospitality.
fresh horses if you need them
and safe passage home
as is my sworn
duty to my emperor.
Allow me
to enlighten you. Chief Hani.
That old man
is no longer a king.
as his appearance makes clear.
He is a fugitive. And Al Hira.
liberated from his rule.
is now governed by Ibn Qabisah.
a loyal subject of the emperor.
So. in the name
of Emperor Kisra.
I demand that
you hand over this girl.
who has been
made his concubine.
- It is you
who is the emperor's whore!
-Brother.
-Please.
Please.
She's a princess.
Leave her alone!
You won't stop running. huh?
Samir!
An emperor
who rules so many lands
is perhaps unaware
we. kings of the desert.
have never given our daughters
to others as tribute.
not even to pharaohs or caesars.
You may go in peace.
Hyah!
This isn't the first time
you've entered our land
without permission.
I will leave
as soon as I am paid.
Chief Hani. this man helped us.
I owe him.
Payment is his life.
Get lost. thief.
Hyah! Ha!
We could kill the father.
The father
is not the problem.
Then we kill them all.
That would be a mistake.
We make it clear to them.
Get in the water.
She's Lakhmid.
My daughter is Shaybani. Hani.
We ask Al-Numan
and his daughter to leave.
Two camels. Hani.
and we will leave
at first light.
No.
You are my guest.
That still means something
to the Shaybani.
While you're under my roof.
you and your daughter are safe.
And I won't cast them out.
I need you to deliver
a message for me.
Do you hear me. boy?
Good.
Good boy.
My good. strong boy. huh?
Huh?
Strong. strong man.
This girl has brought
the devil to our home.
She is a curse on us.
Looks like
my horse missed me.
Why are you still here?
Do you want something from me?
Huh?
Then pay me what you owe.
A dagger and gold.
Get out of here.
And leave my horse.
Have you no honor?
Honor is for fools
and princesses.
One slap from you is enough.
I'm tired of fighting.
When trouble follows you.
you have no choice.
Like I said. trouble.
Hind Bint Al-Numan!
How much?
Forty pieces of gold
should do it.
I told my father
not to trust you.
You give her to him...
you go free.
Ugh.
Your life means nothing to you?
A deal with you
means nothing to me.
Make it to the horse
before they reach us.
Argh.
To the horse!
Hind!
Go.
Hyah!
Ho! Ho! Ho!
Let her go!
This is Shaybani land.
Then Shaybani will pay.
Hey! Hey! To Ctesiphon!
Hyah! Hyah!
He saved her life.
Nine Sassanid killed
on our land.
Kisra will punish us
for this.
The bandit is responsible.
Who can't see that
we are at their mercy?
We are at their mercy.
What about honor. my brother?
Yes. and look what it got us.
There's bloodshed.
There's bloodshed!
Enough.
- Listen to me.
- Enough!
The bandit dies tomorrow.
Shh!
Things always get worse
when you show up.
-I brought you water.
-Do you care to pour?
Why didn't you give me over
to the Sassanid?
He is my enemy
just as much as he is yours.
You are cutting
my skin.
I'm saving your life.
So. where will you go?
The empty quarter.
With the other unwanted.
I owe you.
That's right.
A dagger and gold.
Your life isn't enough?
I won't keep it long
without payment.
Then you better hope
to see me again.
May I never be so blessed.
Go!
Go back.
Your insistence brought us here.
We can't go back. Aasif.
What matters now is we stand by
Al-Numan and his daughter.
Guard and protect them.
Until when. Hani?
Until when?
We're all dead?
You let in outsiders. Lakhmids.
and pitted us. your tribe.
against an empire.
Your tribe. brother.
-For what?
-Aasif!
You expect us
to lay down our lives
for others not of our clan.
You act like an enemy
to your people.
What are you doing?
Dare you dishonor me?
Challenge me again. brother.
and it's you
who will be banished.
Al-Numan and his daughter
will remain with us
as long as I am your leader.
Is that understood?
They are protecting their queen.
Those ants will die.
-Apricots.
-Mhm.
Tastes like home.
Mhm.
I would like to sit in the grove
one more time.
We will never see Al Hira again.
When I'm gone.
you'll become
the rightful queen
of our people.
Until then.
Hani will protect you.
You protect me.
We protect each other.
Always.
Open the door!
- You were seen.
- Let us through.
- Let us through!
- Move.
Move!
Up. Look for him.
Over here. Over there.
Look. Look.
Get out.
You were seen.
By who?
She was inside
all evening.
I was watching her.
You see?
Now get these men
out of my room.
- Keep looking.
- Over there.
It is for your own protection.
Why? My father protects me.
Your father is gone. Hind.
Gone?
Where has he gone?
Yeah!
Field Commander
Jalabzeen.
A mercenary who failed you
in his mission
to bring back
the desert concubine.
You fight with ferocity.
Commander Jalabzeen.
Yet you have been outmatched
by a desert girl.
Who are these Shaybani
that refuse me?
Why do they shelter the girl?
Honor.
Look up.
You may meet our eye.
And how might I honor you?
That I may go home.
And where is home?
On the shore
of the Black Sea. my lord.
I honor you
with one last opportunity
to bring me this man's daughter.
Then you may go home.
You have traveled far.
Al-Numan Bin Al-Mundhir.
Though you came alone.
I offer you
something more valuable.
A king.
You're no longer a king.
We replaced you
with Ibn Qabisah.
In prison.
you'll soon be forgotten.
Only one of us
will be forgotten.
Sparing my life
shows weakness.
You bait me.
Kill him!
Kill him! Kill him! Kill him!
There is no greater tragedy
than a man who gives up on life.
You have failed your people.
You have failed me.
Kill him!
Kill him! Kill him! Kill him!
You will feel
your daughter's pain
throughout eternity.
You cannot kill a king.
We will replace you.
Death comes for us all!
Let the lions
tear down your house!
Hind.
All I want now
is her Lakhmid head.
Bring me that.
Ibn Qabisah of Al Hira.
You will exterminate
every man. woman and child
in the Shaybani tribe
for the defiance.
Fail. Ibn Qabisah. and it is you
who will be called
onto the carpet.
There is only one thing
for a traitor.
Drag his body
through the streets of Ctesiphon
with a camel's cowl.
You should eat.
I don't need your advice.
Just more
of your sleeping draught.
Why did you lie for me?
I am an outsider. like you.
You're not Shaybani?
I am Ganim.
You're Ganim?
Shaybani are my family now.
My family was my father.
The desert is home
with many rooms.
It's time you become
who you might be.
Help me dress.
It's time for me
to return home. Hani.
I must help my people.
Your city is
under Kisra's occupation.
Better to die facing your enemy
than running from him.
So. you will support me?
Your father was
as my father. Hind.
But my tribe is my family.
It's time I serve my tribe.
This is yours.
Then this burden
I will bear alone.
Sassanid!
Move out.
Stand-by formation.
Forward.
Hyah! Hyah!
Hurry.
The Sassanid are coming.
This way.
We'll head north
to the oasis at Ze Qar.
There. with the mountain
at our back.
we stand a chance.
Kisra calls
for Hind's head.
Let him have it.
Perhaps then our actions
will be forgotten.
What is it. my brother?
My father's dagger.
It's yours.
Then
that leaves the gold.
Does your father know
you're here?
My father is dead.
I'm going home.
To Al Hira?
Are you in a rush
to meet your father's fate?
My father sacrificed himself
for me.
Now I'm ready
to sacrifice myself
for my people.
Home is not always the way
you left it.
We need you to guide us.
Against an empire.
And I am the most wanted woman
in all of Arabia.
And no one.
except the shepherd boy.
will help me.
My brothers and I
made the journey
to Al Hira many times.
Then the Sassanid came.
That's how you got the scar?
From the one
they call Jalabzeen.
It's the same as the boy's.
You will ride faster alone.
We will ride further together.
I will take you.
But...
When we get there.
it is 60 pieces of gold.
Stop!
So. the prodigal one returns.
Those fire worshipers.
finally they tired
of your riddles?
Taif Bin Ganim.
Mother.
-I'm pleased to see my--
-Why are you here?
I bring news.
Hani of the Shaybani
has moved his people
to the oasis of Ze Qar.
Like you abandoned
your own tribe.
You threw me out.
You have no shame.
You dishonor the tribe.
By speaking my mind?
Ganim sentence for dishonor
without shame is death!
Then kill me!
Kill me
if that satisfies you.
But first. let me tell you
about true honor.
It isn't a weapon.
It's a journey.
Come on.
Al Hira.
Are you sure
you want to do this?
Hey!
Is that Lakhmid gold you wear?
I am Hind Bint Al-Numan.
Queen of Al Hira.
I'm here to reclaim
my father's throne.
I see no throne.
Nor any loyal
to you.
Any last words
before I deliver your head?
Bastard. Leave us alone.
Freedom!
Yeah!
That is honor.
Now you can rest
in the grove. Papa.
You've taken Al Hira?
They've destroyed everything.
I move my people to Ze Qar
where there is water.
It doesn't matter.
Kisra's army
will be unstoppable.
We'll fight together.
No.
You have your people.
Chief Hani.
I have mine.
Then I'll fight by your side.
as my queen.
You are not alone.
You. too. have an army.
You came.
I'm not alone.
Is what Safiya
tells true?
Did Kisra kill the Lakhmid king
and defile his body?
He dragged him through
the streets of Ctesiphon
with a camel's cowl.
Then he's no emperor.
For once. my niece.
she speaks the truth.
You have shown
yourself a queen.
The Ganim will side with you.
For now.
- Kanifa!
- Look. up there!
- How many?
- Someone is coming!
Where are they
coming from?
- Kanifa!
Let them pass.
Chief Hani.
Eben Wael.
Taif Bin Ganim.
standing together? What next?
Will the sky drop snow?
To the empire.
we are all the same.
Yes. those Sassanid snakes
could never tell the difference
between us camels.
Eben Wael.
I believe the last time
I saw you.
the Kanifa refused me
and my father a roof.
Hind Bint Al-Numan.
Queen of Al Hira.
Ah. the emperor's prize.
I can accept her being with us.
I... will lead us all
into battle.
We welcome you
and the Kanifa.
but not your leadership.
My ears must be dirty.
Do you understand
what you're saying. child?
Yes. Advice
and counsel. naturally.
This girl. Chief Hani?
I have refused an emperor.
Must I also refuse you?
You cast us out.
Eben Wael.
Or did you forget?
You have the desert
in front of you.
and the ocean behind.
You're trapped.
There is no escape
from what you will face.
To win the battle.
you need an army.
I don't see an army here.
To win this battle.
you need tactics.
Good position.
Well supplied. With water.
The oasis.
The oasis at Ze Qar
is where we will face them.
- An oasis.
- Ze Qar.
- Ze Qar!
-Ze Qar.
Ze Qar.
Ze Qar. Ze Qar.
Ze Qar! Ze Qar!
Well played. Queen of Al Hira.
Thank you. Eben Wael...
for your counsel.
Ganim!
Lakhmid!
Shaybani!
- Shaybani!
Kanifa!
My father would have wanted you
to have that.
You earned it.
I've more than earned it.
You told me
we shared a common enemy.
I told you. honor is for fools.
Kisra is coming.
So. where do you go
with your money?
Home?
No.
Nowhere is home.
Take care of yourself. bandit.
Shh! Shh!
Sassanid are coming!
Are they dead?
Look at me.
To be a man.
you must be brave and strong.
Can you be this man?
Brand this one.
Ze Qar!
Weapons!
Aasif. we have to wait
for Hani's command.
Aasif. we must wait.
Don't follow Aasif. please.
You have no right
to drink this water.
This is Shaybani land.
Stop! Hani!
Go back. Back. Back!
Stop!
Aasif!
You have no right
to drink this water.
This oasis
belongs to Shaybani.
I take it. you explain
who these outsiders are.
brother.
They're our allies. brother.
Kanifa. Lakhmid. Ganim.
They're here to fight with us.
Then they come to die.
Drink the water of Ze Qar.
Here.
-No. Stop them.
-Now.
Together.
You've abandoned our people.
And our family.
Save your strength. Aasif.
You will need it.
May God protect us from you.
Brother.
I need you beside me
when we fight.
Not against me.
Come on.
Samir?
Someone tried to poison me.
Watch out!
Aasif!
Aasif is leaving.
You traitors!
Let's go!
- Wake up!
- Let's go!
Move out quickly!
With him
goes our right flank.
Let's go! Hyah!
He will tell them
how much water we are defending.
There are many ways
to fight this battle.
Ride fast!
We surrender to the Sassanid!
They will spare our lives!
Commander Jalabzeen!
You have no idea
what it is like back there.
I can barely breathe.
There's no water.
No water here.
Water!
What is that desert rat doing?
Bandit!
I come in peace.
You brought the Tazmuri?
Yeah. Yeah.
I know they are not
your favorite neighbors.
but they are good fighters.
- They've agreed to fight with us?
-  -Mm.
I told them
the army that is coming
is a caravan they could plunder.
Seemed like the best way
to get them here.
- It is quite the caravan.
- Where is he?
Where is that lying. cheating.
brigand. bandit. sour face?
Where is my caravan. Hani?
Greetings. Yazid.
He said it was
the largest caravan
he'd ever seen.
I said "colossal."
Colossal.
It's an army. Kisra's army.
I've joined a war on Kisra.
You used me.
How about I go
and see what Kisra will pay
for your heads?
Hind Bint Al-Numan.
Queen of the Lakhmid.
-The queen?
-Yazid of the Tazmuri.
We are grateful
for your allegiance.
and your men.
For...
It was nothing.
It's an honor to meet you.
Hind Bint Al-Numan.
Why always yelling.
filthy thief?
That fig picker
is in on this too?
Get back. Go back.
Having fun?
Since when does the Tazmuri
do anything
unless there's gold involved?
-Who else is in on this?
-We are many.
I have seen the army up close.
On the other side
of those hills.
My advice...
run while you can.
And where should we go?
I'll tell you where you've gone.
Wrong in the head.
How do you beat an empire?
-We let the desert beat it.
-Huh?
We've buried all the wells
beyond this oasis.
This is now the only water.
so we defend it.
You see? Instead of barking.
you should listen. Tactics.
This is how you beat Kisra.
If the Tazmuri
will accept the honor.
you and your men could face off
on the right flank
against Ibn Qabisah
and his cavalry.
Ibn Qabisah?
Yes.
I'd like to stick a lance
up that fat slob's--
Come on. come on. come on.
Join us for some food
and date wine.
- Date wine?
- Yes. Three days old.
Three days?
This belongs to you.
Together...
we drink for tomorrow.
For Al-Numan's honor.
Honor.
Take them down!
For Kanifa!
Ho! Ho! Ho!
Keep digging!
Weapons.
Hey.
Shaybani will take the left!
Kanifa. the center!
Lakhmid with Hind!
Ganim will hold in reserve!
Use your own judgment
where and when to move!
Settle!
Stay low.
How many tribes
have joined?
Kanifa.
And Lakhmid.
Where is our Lakhmid heel?
Perhaps we should give the men
more water.
We are running low.
There are five thousand men
when 500 would suffice.
I have my orders.
Mhm.
Time for your half-measures
is over.
Commander Jalabzeen.
We will water at Ze Qar
before the sun
is at its highest.
After I have destroyed
the Shaybani
and all the traitors
of my own tribe.
that have chosen
to die with them.
Ganim? Kanifa?
What allegiance
do they have with each other?
Perhaps you should ask them.
Hm?
Ibn Qabisah!
You are no king!
I am your queen.
I will forgive you
and all other Lakhmids
if you ride to us
and fight
alongside your true people.
Look around you.
You are outnumbered four to one!
You have raided.
robbed and cursed each other
for generations.
And yet. today.
you ride together as one?
Do not be fooled.
There's nothing that unites you.
You have placed yourself
and those who stand with you
in direct defiance
of His Majesty.
the Supreme Emperor...
Send Qabisah's Lakhmids
in first.
This will be swift.
And when they counter.
return them.
Is that a cow?
Tribes of Arabia.
Are you with me?
For the fight!
Let the lions
tear down their house.
Fight!
Outflank. Outflank.
Keep them
from getting wide of us.
Signal both flanks.
Cavalry attacks on both wings.
Bracers center advance.
Wait. Wait.
Take the shield
to protect the line.
Take the shields
Hold the line.
They're going to break through.
They're breaking the line.
There's a lot of them.
Keep them
behind that line!
Call the Ganim.
Let's go!
Let's show Kisra
what is it like to face a Ganim
who carries no sword
on his back.
Let's go.
Let's go!
Hold them.
Archers.
Loose.
Bracers turn.
Go.
Go. Go.
- Go!
- Retreat.
- Go.
Retreat!
No. no.
Cut them off.
Cut them off!
Retreat!
Get back!
Get back.
Onward. Onward.
Ah.
- Make a line!
Make a line!
- Make a line.
- Hold your fire.
Hold the line!
- Give us the girl.
- No.
No.
Hind.
It's my sacrifice.
Give me the girl!
No! Hani!
- Withdraw.
- Bracers!
Withdraw!
Hyah! Hyah! Hyah!
Turn!
Let me go.
Hani.
Crush them
into dust.
We face them with camels.
Camels!
The camels! The camels!
Go! Let's go! Let's move!
Let's move.
Hold the lines!
Hyah! Hyah! Hyah!
Thirty!
Cover the camels' eyes!
Blindfold them!
Twenty!
Ten!
Five!
Brace!
Release!
Pull back!
There are too many!
Retreat! Retreat! Retreat!
Go. To the oasis!
Finish this!
Full advance!
We need some water!
Seize the oasis!
- Run! Move!
- Out quickly. go!
Run!
- We have to leave!
- Hide! Hide!
- Go!
- Go. go. go!
Stop!
Stop drinking!
The water is poisoned!
Home.
He chose you.
He is free to do so.
And you?
I hope to see you again.
Hind Bint Al-Numan of Al Hira.
You should be so blessed.
Hyah!
♪ Seeds are falling
Like heavy gold ♪
♪ Keeps us human
From getting old ♪
♪ Treasure nature ♪
♪ With every turn
You go ♪
♪ Always here ♪
♪ Seeds are falling
Like heavy gold ♪
♪ Keeps us human
From getting old ♪
♪ Treasure nature ♪
♪ With every turn
You go ♪
♪ Always here ♪
♪ Seeds are falling
Like heavy gold ♪
♪ Keeps us human
From getting old ♪
♪ Treasure nature ♪
♪ With every turn
You go ♪
♪ Always here ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today